Hi, my name is Carrie. I am 26 years old.
I graduated at Guilin University Of Electronic Technology with the bachelor's degree Information Management and Information Systems .
I've been front-end Developer for almost 3 years already.
I've been working at ( Zhejiang Yibao Software CO.,LTD.) before.

I like to hike and play badminton during my free time.

I am familiar with two mainstream front-end frameworks, such as react and vue,with a strong foundation in Typescript, React.js

Understanding of web performance optimization techniques

I have excellent problem-solving skills
in addition,I have good communication and teamwork skills.

Take on new challenges
Touch new ground

In the next five years
,I want to continue to work as a front-end development engineer, and I will continue to improve my skills

First of all, he thinks that my skills are good,
I can take the initiative to communicate with stakeholders, and put forward good suggestions for better results,so he trusted me with the project

# 12 Describe some times when you were not very satisfied or

When I have a problem in the process of the project,

I used to solve the problem by by myself first,
because I was afraid of being scolded

however, I did not grasp the time before,
so it affected the progress of the project

Then my leader suggested that if I was troubled by my problem for more than two hours
I should ask my colleagues to solve the problem as soon as possible and don't be afraid.
I took this advice, and when I encountered problems that were not solved,
I asked my colleagues for advice,
which greatly improved my efficiency and most importantly,
did not delay the project progress

# 13 Tell me about a time when you worked under close supervision or extremely loose supervision (How did you handle that?)

Sometimes my supervisor is busy with other projects while I am maintaining the previous project, so he is more relaxed in managing me at this time, but I know I still need to practice, so I will optimize the project by myself and learn new technologies. Sometimes I will ask my colleagues how they solved the problems they encountered in the project, so that I can accumulate experience. When I start a new project, I can work better.

# 14 Tell me about a time when you went above your duty to do a job

Sorry, I don't have experience

# 15 Tell me about a time you disagreed with a decision that was made at work

In the last project, my supervisor suggested that I implement the function of a module in the system, but I disagreed. The function of this module was very complex, and a colleague had already done a similar function before. Considering the tight time, I suggested that the colleague be responsible for this part of the work, while I focused on other modules to improve overall efficiency. In the end, my supervisor accepted my suggestion.

# 16 Give me a specific occasion in which you conformed to a policy with which you did not agree.

Now we have to hold a meeting every day to talk about what we did yesterday and what we plan for today. I understand that the leaders want to know the completion of the employees' plans. But I think it can be improved. When the project is not so urgent, we can change it to a meeting every two days, or a meeting when there is an emergency.

# 17 Can you an example of a time that you were pleased with your work (what happened, what was your reaction)

In my work, when test engineers or product managers give feedback on bugs, if I don't understand, I will choose to communicate with them face to face. You know, sometimes when I have talked for a long time online and still can't understand it, sometimes I can understand it face to face with a word, because I am good at proactive communication, which I think is very helpful to my work
